Welcome to the werewolf app by Benjamin Weaver.

Built Using Ruby on Rails.

I used session-based authentication. Only the sign up and log-in pages are reachable without proper authentication. Passwords
are encrypted using BCrypt.

HTTP Basic authentication is required to access the Games Controller, which is used to start, delete, or restart a game.
Currently the username is admin, and the password is password.

Much of the game logic depends on one of two things: active record callbacks, and a timer. After a game is created, with appropriate
dayNightFreq and kill_radius attributes, a callback to the game creation is in charge of creating players, one for each registered 
user, setting 30% of them to werewolves, and starting the timer.

I used Rufus-Scheduler for the timer. It seemed to be a widely used, simple solution to scheduling tasks.

The timer first waits the lenth of one day before starting the main timer, because it makes no sense to poll votes the first day.
After one day length, the timer fires every 2*dayNightFreq and calls the poll_votes method, which searches through the players
and sets to dead the player with the most votes. It then resets each player's votes_for and vote_cast attribute.

After each call to poll_votes, the game checks to see if it should end or continue going. If it should end, a game report is created,
each player's points for that game are assigned to their user account, the game state is switched to ended which will stop the timer,
and finally the players from that game are deleted.

The game is also checked after each kill to see whether the game should be ended, using a callback on the create kill method.

I do not store a "day" or "night" state for the game. Instead, I do some calculations with the modulo operator to check whether a
kill or vote can be placed.

Rather than post a message to url's to vote and kill, I chose to send arguments through the url. /vote_for_player/:nickname will 
vote for a player and respond with json as to whether the vote was successful or not. Kills are done the same way. Reporting position
is also done through url paramaters.

For information on what routes to use, see config/routes.rb.

Point system:
100 points per kill
500 points for being alive at the end of the game
25 points for correctly voting for a werewolf
50 points for surviving a round(day/night cycle)

Above and beyond:

Admin web console to manage game implemented using basic authentication.
Game reports available to see past game winners and high scores
User leaderboard available
User registration and log in available through web form

